a. 
Enumerating objects: 9, done.
Counting objects: 100% (9/9), done.
Delta compression using up to 8 threads
Compressing objects: 100% (5/5), done.
Writing objects: 100% (7/7), 795 bytes | 198.00 KiB/s, done.
Total 7 (delta 2), reused 0 (delta 0)
remote: Resolving deltas: 100% (2/2), completed with 1 local object.
To https://github.com/cooperhauck/assignment2.git
   f4975e5..13d01d6  master -> master

b. There have been 9 commits in total I used git log command to find them

c. Last time .gitignore was modified was  Wed Sep 25 18:13:30 2019 

d. Branches are used as pointers to a specific commit. This means there is no storage / memory overhead with branches,
   making it easier to divide up your work into smaller parts and then merging them together.

e. git log pulles up past commits and the files assiociated with them while git status is the current commits that have
   not been pushed and the changes not commited.

f. git log Vehicle.h

g. git log --all --grep="file" 

h. Inheritance is the mechanism by which an object acquires the some/all properties of another object. It supports the
   concept of hierarchial classification 
   Polymorphism means to process objects differently based on their data type. This means one method with multiple
   implementation. And which implementation to be used is decided at runtime depending upon the data type
   Encapsulation is binding the data with the code that manipulates it. It keeps the data and the code safe from external
   interference.

i. The main difference between the two workflows is that in the Integration Manager workflow each developer has their own
   public and private repositories while in the Dictator and Lieutenants workflow there are lieutenant repositories that 
   multiple developers push too.

j. A team of 100 developers would greatly benifit from the Dictator and Lieutenant workflow over the centralized workflow
   because there is a hierarchy of repositorys so not every developer has to push and pull to the same directory. 
   This would casue confusion and greatly slow down the process as the developers would get into eachothers way. 
